There is an urgent need to replace
fossil-based raw materials –
with renewable, biobased alternatives.
Foam forming is one of the
most potential technologies –
for manufacturing biobased products.
It improves the material and
energy efficiency of the process –
expands the range of usable raw materials –
and enables the production of new,
value-added and high-performing structures.
VTT offers piloting platforms for foambased
material development and scale-up.
These platforms enable the development of
novel recyclable and sustainable materials –
for packaging and construction,
lightweight boards, wipes, filters –
and hygiene products with only small
modifications needed to current production lines.
Will this technology
and VTT’s expertise –
be your avenue to biobased
material innovations?